American football for some women
probably one of the best
sports that we can
but for other women and some
men is like opening them in another
language is that of the first and third and
fourth many women are going to tell me
but I think that knowing and not hinder
that if you like to prepare the
snacks because he knows the truth that's how it is
that today I have 5 points
basic to understand a little more the
american football
we started talking the superbowl or like
it is known in some places
the nfl is the national league of
American football has two burners the
American and the national
each of these leagues has 16 teams
that give a total of 32 teams that
they play in the nba each of these
teams play 16 games 8 at home and 8
by the 26 American League and the top
6 of the national league were those who
they recognize as traces that not that they
eliminate within their own league the
champion of the national league and the champion
of the American League plays what is
know how
in the American each team has 13
defensive teams the offensive and the
special equipment the objective that is the
core amd that the receivers and
runners are the ones who attack for
write down the introduction to the defensive
that linebackers are the corners and
The sexy ones are the ones in charge of stopping
to the offensive of the opposing team and the
third team is what is known
as the special teams here fly
the kicker among others they are
responsible for the kicks of clearance of
the extra points and return the ball
within other special activities
now good money the field that is that
of the first and ten of third and fourth
before we start we have to have the
100 yard field nor are marked
every 10 targets to each offensive are given
four opportunities to advance 10
first yard and it is refers to the
first opportunity to move forward and it's already
let's say they advance 3 already
now it would be second and 7 second
opportunity to advance 7 and high but
what happens if within four
10 do not advance opportunities and
two options the weapon for you to
receive the opposite or in a given team
case of being close to being able to score and
kick to score a field goal more
little bit tells us what messed up this
kick is only done if so close to
scoring will not happen they are at
50 no longer because probably not
speaking there are several ways to win
points in the america is not like all
we know the famous artist behind flame
of 6 points and that's when the runner
reaches the end of the field either and
sent a pass or ran away but
the ball if the team coming too
tachan there are two options the first
option is to tie on the ball from
the line of two yards for a point
or that was a ball from the line of 2
yards for two additional points there
what is known as firco or violating
this is how I told you when
special teams enter the field to
kick the ball because they failed
advance 10 yards on your four
opportunities and finally this safety
this is when a team is creating
opposing team in their own area
this is worth 20 if you have seen your pro
Americans have realized that a
Sometimes a yellow flag is thrown
this is because someone made a mistake
there are too many types of faults that do not
I could cover but I'm going to give you some
of the most common
if the lack or get the equipment of the
defensive you are given advance yards to the
offensive team if the team the
offensive is to say the track noting the
goal they say the foul is backed
nothing I think that's all that
we must know the basics obviously not
we got into both detail well because
this is going to be enough for
understand a little more the American and
you always did not understand anything because
minus 100 there x 50 code and you know
as I always leave here the phrase of
day
thank you for joining me in another video and
I see them here next Wednesday
bye
sainz jr